This is the play that encodes the past.

Romeo, a young programmer from a time long ago.
Juliet, a beautiful woman with a memory disorder. 

                Act I: The beginning.

        Scene I: In a processor, long long ago.

[Enter Romeo and Juliet]

        Scene II: The start of a never ending tale.

Juliet:
You are as lovely as the difference between thy warm
handsome white trustworthy normal sunny angel and a
summer's day.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as trustworthy as the sum of a lantern and the sum
of a fair rich red cunning hamster and an peaceful warm
normal hard trustworthy nose.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as fine as the product of the sum of your thing and
thy black lamp and the sum of your cunning Lord and a
normal furry rural large gentle rose.

Romeo:
Remember me.

        Scene III: The breather.

Juliet:
You are as beautiful as the sum of an delicious grandmother
and the sum of the red delicious golden beautiful bold
morning and thine sweet delicious fine fair loving fine
hero.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as embroidered as the difference between thy smooth
blue clearest furry trustworthy small cat and the sum of
thy brother and thine honest old noble cow.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as proud as the difference between an loving
beautiful honest good blossoming sweet hard stone wall and
thine warm green roman.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as furry as the sum of the sum of thine sky and
your mighty fine nose and the sum of thine cute embroidered
good sweetest good father and thy sweet normal small blue
peaceful hard happiness.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as healthy as the difference between a blue
blossoming honest normal trustworthy proud fellow and your
bold tiny summer's day.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as prompt as the difference between thy healthy
golden sweet trustworthy large white sister and the red red
face.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as cute as the sum of thine charming hard furry
angel and the sum of a lovely golden trustworthy good good
grandson and thy good green little beautiful fair furry
morning.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as hard as the sum of thy huge Heaven and the
difference between thy black sweetest good tiny proud
trustworthy lovely Lord and a honest sweetest brave proud
cousin.

Romeo:
Remember me.

        Scene IV: The breather.

Juliet:
You are as cunning as the difference between your sweet
white bottomless good reddest lovely white nose and the sum
of the blossoming cow and a black little healthy blossoming
face.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as lovely as the sum of the face and thine clearest
pretty loving little smooth bold embroidered thing.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as prompt as the sum of an peaceful sister and the
difference between your bottomless normal rural rich
beautiful purple handsome Lord and a sweet furry prompt
happiness.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as fine as the difference between the sum of the
uncle and a black purple small charming black clearest
small town and the sum of thine furry healthy stone wall
and the gentle loving bottomless cute horse.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as clearest as the sum of a healthy charming door
and the large red sunny black good lovely niece.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as mighty as the sum of thy rich beautiful cousin
and a sweet normal blossoming cunning happy fair cat.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as rich as the difference between the happy
sweetest brave sunny honest big bluest Lord and the reddest
bold embroidered old purse.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as warm as the sum of a purple large trustworthy
squirrel and the difference between your brave bottomless
red bold noble old hamster and a hero.

Romeo:
Remember me.

        Scene V: The breather.

Juliet:
You are as old as the sum of a joy and the sum of a black
red bold nose and your blossoming large furry purple tiny
prompt town.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as fine as the sum of a proud nephew and thine tiny
fine charming reddest rich noble warm grandmother.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as sweet as the sum of a road and the sum of thine
happy prompt rich kingdom and your handsome amazing old
green red cute daughter.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as purple as the sum of a furry aunt and the sweet
brave gentle loving purple beautiful big hair.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as prompt as the sum of thine warm lovely handsome
sister and the difference between your noble tiny huge old
hard clearest aunt and thine mistletoe.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as rich as the sum of the sum of a stone wall and
an old sweet stone wall and the sum of thy loving furry
green Lord and thy pretty small reddest bottomless fine
bluest lamp.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as green as the sum of the rural bluest sister and
the sum of the tiny sweet prompt rose and an yellow loving
healthy noble cute little cat.

Romeo:
Remember me.

        Scene VI: The breather.

Juliet:
You are as smooth as the sum of your fellow and the
difference between your beautiful sweet peaceful red proud
white prompt wind and an peaceful mighty white morning.

Romeo:
Remember me.

        Scene VII: The breather.

Juliet:
You are as peaceful as the sum of thine happy warm bluest
rich fellow and the difference between a sunny black
cunning hard trustworthy little cousin and thy furry nose.

Romeo:
Remember me.

        Scene VIII: The breather.

Juliet:
You are as big as the sum of your bold town and the sum of
an happy happy yellow huge mistletoe and thy rural cute
beautiful rural smooth rich embroidered mistletoe.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as clearest as the sum of the sum of an lamp and
your rich big morning and the sum of a normal blossoming
pretty stone wall and thine warm furry big handsome
clearest yellow hamster.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as honest as the sum of your fair squirrel and the
sum of your noble furry loving moon and an fair peaceful
large smooth amazing big small lantern.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as prompt as the difference between your golden
prompt healthy pretty smooth blossoming amazing brother and
your black flower.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as lovely as the sum of the sum of your father and
thine pretty small purse and the sum of thine gentle smooth
embroidered warm granddaughter and thine gentle warm lovely
smooth cute smooth white King.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as cunning as the sum of your tree and the sum of
an loving honest loving handsome plum and the honest huge
blue blossoming reddest handsome cat.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as charming as the product of the sum of thine joy
and your little lovely fellow and the difference between
the sweet green golden red reddest kingdom and an lantern.

Romeo:
Remember me.

        Scene IX: The breather.

Juliet:
You are as small as the sum of thine cunning summer's day
and the furry honest sweet brave white amazing big King.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as purple as the sum of the difference between the
purple mighty purple brave embroidered road and thine aunt
and the difference between the lovely blossoming purple
charming rich sunny happiness and the blossoming cunning
sister.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as bold as the sum of the sum of your plum and an
honest granddaughter and the sum of thine beautiful old
large trustworthy granddaughter and thy white hard huge
yellow peaceful honest large plum.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as bluest as the sum of the sum of thy blossoming
son and a blue hard nephew and the sum of the large bold
purple little cat and an brave normal blossoming furry
healthy clearest uncle.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as trustworthy as the sum of the sum of the niece
and thine warm son and the sum of an golden red trustworthy
uncle and thy gentle healthy green purple rich embroidered
honest angel.

Romeo:
Remember me.

Juliet:
You are as golden as the sum of a tiny hard cunning hamster
and your green healthy hard handsome pretty fellow.

    Scene X: The start of something new.

Juliet:
you are as green as the difference between thyself and an
purse.

Romeo:
recall me. You are as pretty as the difference between
thyself and myself. Speak your mind.

Juliet:
Remember me.

Romeo:
Am i better than the difference between thy niece and an
fellow?

Juliet:
If so, we shall proceed to Scene X.

[Exeunt]
